Update set-nettcpsetting.md (#757)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/windows/nettcpip/set-nettcpsetting.md

TCP settings are optimized for different network conditions including latency and congestion.
To apply a TCP setting to a port number or destination IP address range, create a transport filter by using the New-NetTransportFilter cmdlet.

> > [!IMPORTANT] 

Reviewer: We cannot use the tags like IMPORTANT because this renders in the terminal and those tags are for markdown. Please remove.

Reviewer: Sorry, I wasn't clear. We cannot use any tags that render. It just has to be text.

> >1) You can modify Custom and Non-Custom settings on windows server 2016 and 2019.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can modify custom and non-custom settings on Windows Server 2016 and 2019.
```

> >2) You can modify only Custom settings, Internet and Datacenter settings Cannot be modified on windows 2012 or earlier versions.

Reviewer: I am not understanding this one. It says you can modify custom settings but not on windows 2012 and earlier? And what about Internet and Data Center settings?

Author: > custom

Yes, For 2) You can modify only Custom settings in Windows 2012 or earlier versions. 
So the Internet and datacenter settings are read-only.

> >3) You cannot modify the NetTCPsetting on Client Operating systems(Windows 7, 8.1 and 10) as they are Read-Only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NetTCPsetting cannot be modified on Windows 7, Windows 8, or Windows 10 as they are read-only.
```
